Add a doc section about APM Agent configuration management (#3350)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/orchestrating-elastic-stack-applications/apm-server.asciidoc

[id="{p}-apm-advanced-configuration"]
== Advanced configuration

[id="{p}-apm-agent-central-configuration"]

> === Use APM Agent central configuration

Reviewer: Should we mention that this feature is only available after `7.5.1` ? [I had some issues with 7.5.0](https://github.com/elastic/cloud-on-k8s/pull/3155#issuecomment-637299108) when I did some tests.

> link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/agent-configuration.html[APM Agent configuration management] allows you to configure your APM Agents centrally from within the Kibana APM app. In order to use APM Agent central configuration you need to set up a Kibana endpoint in your APM Server configuration. Using a Kibana managed by ECK makes that as simple as adding a `kibanaRef` attribute to the APM Server specification:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/agent-configuration.html[APM Agent configuration management] allows you to configure your APM Agents centrally from within the Kibana APM app. In order to use this feature, APM Server needs to be configured with connection details of the Kibana instance. If Kibana is managed by ECK, this can be achieved by simply adding a `kibanaRef` attribute to the APM Server specification:
```

> link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/agent-configuration.html[APM Agent configuration management] added:[7.5.1] allows you to configure your APM Agents centrally from within the Kibana APM app. In order to use this feature, APM Server needs to be configured with connection details of the Kibana instance. If Kibana is managed by ECK, this can be achieved by simply adding a `kibanaRef` attribute to the APM Server specification:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
link:https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/agent-configuration.html[APM Agent configuration management] added:[7.5.1] allows you to configure your APM Agents centrally from within the Kibana APM app. To use this feature, the APM Server needs to be configured with connection details of the Kibana instance. If Kibana is managed by ECK, you can simply add a `kibanaRef` attribute to the APM Server specification:
```

[source,yaml,subs="attributes,+macros"]
----
cat $$<<$$EOF | kubectl apply -f -
apiVersion: apm.k8s.elastic.co/{eck_crd_version}
kind: ApmServer
metadata:
  name: apm-server-quickstart
  namespace: default
spec:
  version: {version}
  count: 1
  elasticsearchRef:
    name: quickstart
  kibanaRef:

>     name: my-kibana

Reviewer 2: We should probably reuse the name of Kibana from the quickstart example for consistency?
```suggestion
    name: quickstart
```
